Add draft post about transaction information (#54)
hackclub/hcb-engr: content/posts/more-information-about-transactions/post.mdx

import post from '@/components/Post';
export default post({
  title: "📋 More information about transactions",
  slug: "more-information-about-transactions",
  category: "improvement",
  tags: [],
  authors: ["sam"],
  date: new Date("2024-11-19T16:00:00Z")
});

> We're working on making information about transactions to you all; incoming ACHs now include details about who sent the ACH:
> 
> And, if a wire is returned, we're now surfacing the return reason:
> 
> Hope this helps you all navigate the complex financial world!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We're working on making detailed transaction information available to you all; incoming ACH transfers now include details about who sent the ACH:

And, if a Wire is returned, we're now surfacing the return reason:

Hope this helps you all navigate the complex financial world!
```
